README.md, before:

# Hi there, I’m Osinachi Okpara 👋

## About Me
- ⚡ I’m an AWS Community Builder, passionate about developer relations and cloud/Devops engineering
  
- 🔥 I'm also interested in agentic AI, Python and FastAPI

- ✍🏽 I write on <a href="https://medium.com/@sin4ch">Medium</a>, <a href="https://dev.to/sin4ch1">Dev.to</a>, <a href="https://everythingdevops.com/author/sin4ch">Everything DevOps</a> and <a href="https://community.aws/@sin4ch">community.aws</a>


<p align="center">
  <h2>Tech Stack</h2>
  <a href="https://skillicons.dev">
    <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=aws,git,github,bash,linux,ubuntu,vim,neovim,nginx,html,css,py,fastapi,docker,terraform,postgres,md,notion,vscode" />
  </a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <h2>Contact Me</h2>
<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/osinachiokpara/" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=linkedin" alt="linkedin" height="50" width="50" /></a>
<a href="https://twitter.com/sin4ch" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=twitter" alt="twitter" height="50" width="50" /></a>
<a href="mailto:okparaosi17@gmail.com" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=gmail"></a>
</p>
                                                        
<!--
Languages: Python, Bash, YAML, HTML, CSS, HCL, JSON
AWS: EC2, Rekognition, S3, Lambda, CloudFront, Elemental MediaConvert, IAM, CloudFormation
Tools and Technologies: Git, GitHub, Docker, Nginx, Terraform, GitHub Actions, VSCode, Neovim
**sin4ch/sin4ch** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on 
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

Update personal information and interests in README

README.md, after:

# Hi there, I’m Osinachi Okpara 👋

- ⚡ I’m an AWS-certified software engineer and AWS Community Builder, passionate about API & agentic AI development with Python, AWS cloud/DevOps engineering, as well as developer relations and community building.
  
- 🌱 I’m currently learning A LOT about agentic and AI workflow development, especially RAG (embeddings and vector databases), MCPs with FastMCP, agent and multi-agent/agent orchestration frameworks like Agno, PydanticAI etc.
  
- 🔭 I’m currently working on a Nigerian personal banking MCP that "banks" - pun intended - on the Mono v2 API for 'Open Banking' using FastMCP. I intend to use this MCP to build a personal banking agent using PydanticAI and Gemini Live MCP/API.

- ✍🏽 I write on <a href="https://medium.com/@sin4ch">Medium</a>, <a href="https://dev.to/sin4ch1">Dev.to</a>, <a href="https://everythingdevops.com/author/sin4ch">Everything DevOps</a> and <a href="https://community.aws/@sin4ch">community.aws</a>


<p align="center">
  <h2>Tech Stack</h2>
  <a href="https://skillicons.dev">
    <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=aws,git,github,bash,linux,ubuntu,vim,neovim,nginx,html,css,py,fastapi,docker,terraform,postgres,md,notion,vscode" />
  </a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <h2>Contact Me</h2>
<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/osinachiokpara/" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=linkedin" alt="linkedin" height="50" width="50" /></a>
<a href="https://twitter.com/sin4ch" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=twitter" alt="twitter" height="50" width="50" /></a>
<a href="mailto:okparaosi17@gmail.com" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=gmail"></a>
</p>
                                                        
<!--
Languages: Python, Bash, YAML, HTML, CSS, HCL, JSON
AWS: EC2, Rekognition, S3, Lambda, CloudFront, Elemental MediaConvert, IAM, CloudFormation
Tools and Technologies: Git, GitHub, Docker, Nginx, Terraform, GitHub Actions, VSCode, Neovim
**sin4ch/sin4ch** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on 
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
